[BD-5215]: Update behaviour on link shortening when used with universal link (#10618)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/analytics/dashboard/home_dashboard.md

You can revisit recently edited or created campaigns, Canvases, and segments. Each card is paired with tags that indicate the content type (campaign, Canvas, segment) and status (active, draft, archived, stopped).

{% alert note %}

> The **Pickup where you left off** section appears after you have edited or created a campaign, Canvas, or segment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Pick up where you left off** section appears after you have edited or created a campaign, Canvas, or segment.
```
